1. Compare the results for standard linear regression with support vector machine regression: functions -> SMOReg. Support Vector Machine regression can be used as a more robust type of regression. Try this on the CPU performance data.

    Comparient the two results we see something that looks odd at first. First of 
    all, the Linear Regression has a slightly higher correlation coefficient. 
    Second of all, the SMOreg has a significantly higher root mean squared error 
    (RMSE) despite having a lower mean absolute error (MAE). This could be an 
    indicator of having significant variance and possible outliers in the 
    dataset. When we visualize the data we can see that this is true. In each of 
    the feature there are just a couple of instances that have exceptional 
    values.

    If it weren't for these outliers, the RMSE of the SMOreg agorithm may be 
    lower.

    Using WEKA's visualize feature, I was able to easily remove the outliers. 
    Now the results show that SMOreg is marginally more accurate that linear 
    regression by all measures.

2. Define grid search. What good is it? What about applying it to J48 on weather data?

    Grid Search is an algorithm that automatically experiments with 
    hyperparameters given a set of values to test. It returns the best 
    compination of hyperparameters. It is used to save time so you don't have to 
    fiddle around with lots of combinations by hand. 

    There's not a whole lot to fiddle with in the j48+weather data setup. Also, I
    searched high and low, including google, stack exchange, and duckduckgo and 
    couldn't find any way to do this in Weka. I can't tell if I'm supposed to do 
    this in weka or Python. I'll return to this later once I get a chance to ask 
    for very clear instructions. I'll definitely keep this in mind for tuning any 
    other work I do.

3. Use grid search to find the hyperparameters for SMOReg

    Like I said, there is absolutely no apparent way to do this. This closest
    thing I can find is by going into `Select Attributes` -> `Search Method` 
    -> `RandomSearch`.